Adobe BlazeDS License Information

© 2004-2008 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All rights reserved.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3, as published by
the Free Software Foundation.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with
this program. If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

You shall not disclaim warranty or limit liability differently from the terms of
Sections 15 and 16 of the GNU General Public License, Version 3, which is
incorporated into the GNU Lesser General Public License.

You shall preserve all legal notices or author attributions in the program.

You shall not misrepresent the original version of the program, and you shall
mark all modified versions of the program in reasonable ways to show the
differences from the original version of the program.

In accordance with Section 7(f) of the GNU General Public License, Version 3,
which is incorporated into the GNU Lesser General Public License, certain
portions of this program are licensed under Apache 2.0 which requires the
indemnification of the author or licensors of the software licensed under
Apache 2.0 license by those who convey the program.

If you have any questions regarding this agreement or if you wish to request any
information from Adobe please use the address and contact information included
with this program to contact the Adobe office serving your jurisdiction.

By downloading, using, modifying, distributing and/or accessing the program, you
agree to the GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 3.

The name "BlazeDS" and the BlazeDS logo must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission from Adobe.
Similarly, products derived from this open source software may not be called
"BlazeDS", nor may "BlazeDS" appear in their name or the BlazeDS logo appear
with such products, without prior written permission of Adobe.


NOTICES RELATED TO CERTAIN THIRD PARTY MATERIALS:


Apache 1.1 Licensed Products

This product includes software listed below that were developed by the Apache
Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/). Such software is licensed under
the Apache Software License, Version 1.1; you may obtain a copy of such license
at http://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-1.1.

- Apache Commons

-- commons-codec-1.3.jar

-- commons-fileupload-1.1.jar

-- commons-httpclient-3.0.1.jar

-- commons-io-1.1.jar

- Apache Velocity

-- mm-velocity-1.4.jar

- Apache XML

-- xalan.jar (version 2.5.2)


Apache 2.0 Licensed Products

This product includes software listed below that were licensed under the Apache
License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in
compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. Unless required by applicable law
or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed
on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

- Apache Tomcat

-- Apache Tomcat 6.0.14


Creative Commons Licensed Products

This software uses the java.util.concurrent (concurrent.jar version 1.3.3) API
and the backport of java.util.concurrent API. Both packages are public-domain
sources from the JSR 166 CVS repository, the dl.util.concurrent package, and
the Doug Lea's collections package.backport-util-concurrent.jar (version 2.2)
The license terms of these packages can be found here
(http://creativecommons.org:81/licenses/publicdomain/). 


GNU LGPLv.2.1 Licensed Products

This software uses the JGroups toolkit library for reliable multicast
communication (jgroups.jar). Such JGroups library is licensed under the GNU
Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, a copy of which is included with
such library. You may also obtain a copy of such license at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/


Hypersonic Licensed Products

This software uses the Hypersonic Java SQL database engine (hsqldb.jar version
1.8.0) which is licensed under the Hypersonic license
(http://hsqldb.org/web/hsqlLicense.html),
the text of which is provided below:

For content, code, and products originally developed by Thomas Mueller and the
Hypersonic SQL Group:

Copyright (c) 1995-2000 by the Hypersonic SQL Group.

All rights reserved. 

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of the Hypersonic SQL Group nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE HYPERSONIC SQL GROUP, OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This software consists of voluntary contributions made by many individuals on
behalf of the Hypersonic SQL Group.

For work added by the HSQL Development Group (a.k.a. hsqldb_lic.txt):

Copyright (c) 2001-2005, The HSQL Development Group
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer.

Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

Neither the name of the HSQL Development Group nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL HSQL DEVELOPMENT GROUP, HSQLDB.ORG, OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.